SPCTR-1769: Fix:  Testimonial default blocks share same background image by default (#3236)
brainstormforce/ultimate-addons-for-gutenberg: readme.txt

== Changelog ==

= x.x.x =

> * Fix: Testimonial - Default blocks share same background images in testimonial blocks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix: Testimonial - Resolved an issue in which the default Testimonial blocks would share same the background image.
```
